The prince is not dead, is he?
What are you saying?
Can you wait for something good?
My fifth brother has been injured like this
Li Wenhao Li Wenhao hello
Can you stop filming?
You woman, it's not enough for you to torture him.
I came to save him on the orders of the Supreme Emperor
If you stop me again, I will arrest you
Do you believe me?
You dare to beauty me Li Wenhao look at me
Do you know who I am?
Say you
Ok who are you
What's up?
Do you remember?
Son-in-law of this king
Fortunately, I was still awake for a while
I'll help you be a police officer now
If you are in pain, you have to tell me.
I'm going to help you rule out internal bleeding and internal bleeding
Do you understand?
Ah, why did you stab him?
This is a penetrating injury auto repair.
If I don't prick him, it releases excess gas
He will suffocate to death
What do you mean?
Tang Yang asked me to go out
It hinders my diagnosis and treatment of the prince